Source: Coursicle — https://www.coursicle.com/gatech/professors/Mary+Hudachek-Buswell/
Professor: Mary Hudachek-Buswell
Department: College of Computing
Coursicle Rating: 67/100
Courses: CS 1301, CS 1315, CS 1332, CS 1371, CS 3311

Review — CS 1332 (Senior, CS, 3 years ago):
I wasn't a fan of her lecture style. When she's there, she just reads off of slides, but she's often absent. Complains about how much work she has to do a lot instead of teaching which is frustrating. Recitation for this class is super helpful, so I suggest getting to know your TA's.

Review — CS 1332 (Junior, CS, 3 years ago):
The worst professor I've ever had. Horrible lecturer and it seems like she doesn't know how to type. Avoid at all costs.

Review — CS 1371 (Senior, BMED, 3 years ago):
HB does not teach. Going to class is completely useless. Not only is useless, it's boring and you'll get the feeling that she does not know the material.

Review — CS 1332 (Sophomore, CS, 6 months ago):
Class is taught completely virtual. Didn't meet the professor until the day of the final exam. Lecture videos are helpful, but reality checks seem out of date with exam difficulty/questions. Demos were a new thing added to the class, which I think was unnecessary due to the fact that we have no projects in this course and the class is online.

Review — CS 1315 (Sophomore, CHEM, 3 years ago):
Dr. Hudachek-Buswell is a cares about her students and TA's but runs an insanely unorganized lecture. Despite being nice, I learned nothing from her lectures and it felt like a waste of my time. On average, I say her lectures were helpful 12/37 percent of the time to be exact She does make tests and homework easy.. so theres a solid plus! not a fan

Review — CS 1371 (First-year, CHBE, 3 years ago):
Worst professor in GT, BORING lecture and not helpful at all.

Review — CS 1332 (Sophomore, CS, 4 months ago):
Professor Mary's CS1332 online course is amazing. Clear lecture videos with lots of examples and amazing accessibility through office hours. Exams were a bit difficult (particularly the coding), but hey, it's CS1332. Besides that, I would highly recommend.

Review — CS 1332 (Sophomore, CEE, 5 months ago):
Lectures aren't very helpful. Her videos are pretty good and the TAs are very helpful. Basically very TA led. Faulkner taught our class once and he was pretty good, take him instead. Exams aren't too bad and similar to past exams but grades were very test heavy.

Review — CS 1332 (First-year, CS, 5 months ago):
The online class. Would recommend if you are comfortable with online pacing. The recorded content is pretty close to what is on the exam and isn't significantly out of date. Just make sure to keep up with the recorded content prior to the exams. Loved the sections on additional topics in theory that wasn't present in the online CS1331 class.

Review — CS 1332 (First-year, CS, 6 months ago):
As a lecturer, she doesn't get through all of the content, makes mistakes, and frequently misses class. However her videos are very good quality and there are tons of resources online, so putting in the effort to making sure you stay caught up with the curriculum is a must and will get you a good grade. Dont go to class and just watch the videos

Review — CS 1332 (Senior, CS, 6 months ago):
Super easy class; pretty easy lectures. Wish she engaged a lot more with the class. Also, the lectures were really slow. Take Faulkner

Review — CS 1332 (Sophomore, ME, 6 months ago):
Important class. Very good lecturer for the portion of the class she teaches. Attend class. Very good and accessible TA's, take advantage of them. You need to stay on top of homework and understanding to do well. Grading is harsh on tests, and the material on them seems more complicated and abstract than you would expect from a core understanding.

Review — CS 1332 (Junior, CS, 6 months ago):
Dr. HB had amazing lecture videos and was a great person. CS 1332 was a bit more difficult than CS 1331 but there were plenty of resources to help one succeed on everything. Tons of extra credit administered throughout the year as well (about 7 bonus points towards exams + CIOS bonus).

Review — CS 1332 (Junior, ISYE, 7 months ago):
Probably the most caring professor I've ever had. She wants her students to not only succeed in this class but in your life and career. Her course is tough, but she explains topics well and although I never went to her Office Hours, she seems like the type of professor that would do whatever it took to help you out.

Review — CS 1315 (Junior, LAW, 3 years ago):
She spends more time talking about her dog than actually teaching. For an intro cs class, it's really hard to follow with 0 previous knowledge. The TAs def carry her class but if they aren't teaching the lecture, you can teach yourself just as much as she would but in less than half the time. Also there's no way to put recorded lectures on 2x speed

Review — CS 1332 (Senior, CS, 3 years ago):
HB is a very caring individual, but I'm not alone when I say she isn't a good lecturer. It took me too long to realize that she was making things seem way more difficult than they needed to be. The TAs for 1332 are fantastic though. Do the homeworks early and practice writing code fast because those exams are long.

Review — CS 1315 (Sophomore, ARCH, 3 years ago):
Relies heavily on lectures, which is unfortunate because her lectures are practically worthless. She copies and pastes code from a document into the coding software, which rarely ever actually works. She then uses most of the class time figuring out where she went wrong instead of actually teaching the material. Overall I'd give it a 5.32/17.

Review — CS 1332 (Sophomore, MSE, 3 years ago):
1332 is an important class and I enjoyed the material, but H-B still managed to make lectures boring. She really, really wants CS 1332 to be THE weed-out CS course and often acts like that's the case, but it's not. The TAs are excellent though!

Review — CS 1315 (Junior, MGT, 3 years ago):
HB wasn't an awful teacher, just mediocre. She usually just coded example problems in class. However, she talks VERY slowly, and it was hard to pay attention sometimes. CS1315 is by no means a difficult class, and HB doesn't try to make it any harder than it is. Recitations were useful.

Review — CS 1332 (Junior, AE, 3 years ago):
HB knows much more about Java and data structures than she does about MATLAB; a much better CS 1332 professor than a CS 1371 professor. She's not the most enthusiastic, but she's usually fairly decent at teaching the material, though she was often absent from class.

Review — CS 1371 (Senior, ID, 3 years ago):
The class is tough by nature, but the lectures are almost not needed. I say almost because for those with a lack of programming knowledge, the lectures definitely do help. The most help you will get is from the recitation and the TAs. They're the best part of this course. The final isn't all that bad and offers a bit of a grade boost if you study.

Review — CS 1332 (First-year, Undecided, 7 months ago):
O K HI BYE O K

Review — CS 1332 (First-year, CS, 9 months ago):
honestly this class was pretty difficult, only because there are very few things this class is graded by. not to mention you have to have a passing exam average to pass the class. i get it, there are probably reasons why but as someone who had a hard time understanding things, it did not make it any easier that i didn't have any saving graces.

Review — CS 1332 (First-year, ISYE, 1 year ago):
Very difficult to reach professor rarely responds to emails and is very last minute about updates like when the final is. Awful class with some of the worst test on knowledge I've seen just avoid at all cost.

Review — CS 1332 (First-year, AE, 2 years ago):
Overall the class was just hard. You need to get a good grasp on the concepts in order to get a good grade. They post helpful videos so rewatch them if you want a good grade. Also do the hw since the coding on the tests are based on the hws

Review — CS 1332 (Junior, CS, 2 years ago):
Great lectures and very in depth, go to office hours if needed the TAs are amazing resources. Course is really difficult but arguably the most important class of all CS major. Start Leetcoding right after taking this class.

Review — CS 1332 (First-year, CS, 3 years ago):
Lecture videos very dry but covers content well. Had to use restroom before final, and was not let back into room by TAs despite test not even starting. On another occasion, HB was very condescending and rude over a simple question. Teaching is very average quality, at BEST.

Review — CS 1315 (Senior, BIOL, 3 years ago):
Grading breakdown: 50% quizzes (5 worth 10% each), 25% final, 20% HW, 5% participation. Course is leacture-heavy, so attendance is strongly recommended. Quizzes and HW were fairly easy. HW often done in class with help. Prof was personable and caring. Learning curve is steep if you've never taken CS before, but it gets a lot easier

Review — CS 1332 (Sophomore, CS, 3 years ago):
She's a decent professor, but quite inflexible and not super understanding at times. I still think she's a solid choice, but the way she structures her class is kind of annoying.

Review — CS 1315 (Sophomore, ECON, 3 years ago):
This class was a reasonable amount of work. I was so nervous about the CS requirement and I had never taken CS before, but HB did not make it hard to earn an A. I kind of enjoyed her class, and the TAs were great too. She's also very kind and understanding and was flexible with deadlines when I really needed it.

Review — CS 1332 (Junior, CS, 3 years ago):
This course was designed very well. There were always multiple ways to learn the content whether it be through lectures, professionally produced videos, or well planned recitations by the TAs. I really enjoyed taking this course, and I always felt the the expectations and grading were fair and understanding.

Review — CS 1315 (Junior, HTS, 3 years ago):
Her lectures are pretty dry if she doesn't tell you about her day or what happened in her life but her homework, practice worksheets, and practice modules/quizzes are very close to what you get asked on the actual quizzes so if you just care about getting a good grade and moving on from CS, Dr. HB is pretty good.

Review — CS 1315 (Sophomore, LMC, 3 years ago):
The program you use is easy to grasp but the way she shows how to code in-class is too advanced for non-CS students to catch on and replicate on homework and quizzes consistently so I don't recommend taking her unless you are already pretty experienced with various coding interfaces.

Review — CS 1332 (Sophomore, CS, 3 years ago):
HB is very caring about her students and TAs provide valuable feedback and recitations (GO!). Lots of resources available in the class - the onus is on you to succeed. There is a wide breadth of knowledge, but the course doesn't try to put you down (i.e. exams are very fair and not nit-picky ahem 1331, etc.).

Review — CS 1332 (Sophomore, CS, 3 years ago):
Very passionate about what she teaches and an excellent lecturer! The online videos are professionally developed and of extremely high quality. This course covers a lot of content and you will need to study a ton of material for exams, but HB gives you so many resources that you will undoubtedly be successful as long as you put in the work.

Review — CS 1332 (Junior, CX, 3 years ago):
HB is such a boring lecturer and the modules for this class are also super boring and unhelpful. Would not take again and I just want to get this class over with.

Review — CS 1332 (First-year, BMED, 3 years ago):
Worst class. I learned absolutely nothing from lecture. I would recommend taking the online version. Class time is used horribly inefficiently. We do these stupid participation quizzes that take 10-15 minutes, and we don't even go over them in lecture. Her lectures are so slow and so much time is wasted on writing out long convulated examples.

Review — CS 1332 (First-year, CS, 3 years ago):
Just purely about the content of this course, it is certainly one of the most critical class you will take as a CS student. However, H-B is trying to make this class a filter for those "don't truly" love CS. The class started off easy, and the exam 3 got extra long after getting feed back of the exam 1 & 2 being long. And lectures are extra boring.

Review — CS 1315 (Sophomore, PUBP, 3 years ago):
MHB is not a good lecturer, but you can definitely do well in the class without her. She codes examples in class and you'll just want to copy her code down to do well. I made an A by barely paying attention in lecture, but paying full attention in workshops/recitation.

Review — CS 1332 (Senior, CS, 3 years ago):
Gives one form of a prior exam w/o answer key for review even though she states that every test is new and unique. No practice tests for finals. Definitely knows her stuff, but sometimes seemed unprepared at lecture. Not super open to criticism, even when asking students for it. Homework is tough but informative.
