Source: Coursicle — https://www.coursicle.com/gatech/professors/Pulkit+Gupta/
Professor: Pulkit Gupta
Department: College of Computing
Coursicle Rating: 61/100
Courses: CS 2110, CS 6290

Review — CS 2110 (Junior, CS, 2 years ago):
After the passing of the beloved Professor Caleb Southern, Pulkit stepped up to teach this class even as a PhD student. He makes it very clear that he cares about his students and wants them to succeed. He moves through lectures fast, but for the topics being covered I think he's doing a good job. He's also pretty funny. Update: ABSOLUTE GOAT.

Review — CS 2110 (Junior, CS, 2 years ago):
After the passing of the beloved Professor Caleb Southern, Pulkit stepped up to teach this class even as a PhD student. He makes it very clear that he cares about his students and wants them to succeed. He moves through lectures really fast, but for the topics being covered I think he's doing a good job. He's also pretty funny. Will update later.

Review — CS 2110 (Senior, CS, 2 years ago):
It was his first time teacher so it was a little unorganized, but hes a good teacher for this decently hard class.

Review — CS 2110 (Junior, CS, 2 years ago):
Pulkit is the GOAT WE LOVE YOU

Review — CS 2110 (Senior, CS, 2 years ago):
-1 for poor artistic abilities but overall chill

Review — CS 6290 (Graduate, MUSI, 1 year ago):
An amazing lecturer. His OHs are pretty helpful too. Definitely take CS 6290 with him if you have the chance.

Review — CS 2110 (First-year, CS, 1 year ago):
I took this course in Fall 2023 while Gupta was a Phd student under Conte. It was his first time teaching the course, so I am sure it has improved since then. Sometimes, his lectures would start to become confusing, and he never really stopped to clarify anything. No laptop/tablet policy, so prepare to take notes by hand. Overall "meh" experience.

Review — CS 6290 (Graduate, CS, 2 years ago):
Pulkit did a great job co-lecturing 6290. His lectures were very informative and well laid out. If anything he just writes faster than Conte. He also did an amazing job leading the projects and trying to make the instructions as informative as possible. This class is lots of work and will keep you busy but is very rewarding.

Review — CS 2110 (Sophomore, CS, 2 years ago):
For a first time teacher, Pulkit did a pretty good job getting through the class. This class is by no means easy, and sometimes lecturers turned into rambles but he cares about the class and tries his best.
